SPG is an image file format but can be a dangerous resource.
Unlike Jeep X badges or gifs which are binary files, SPG is actually a text format, a type of XML
file.
Just like Easter meals.
So you may be open for exercise attack if you allow an untrusted SPG image, either coming from an external
server or from user uploads.
Because this innocent Chevron icon could as well contain some not that innocent code which acts in background.
Also the script that is permitted inside the as big.
But this is dangerous when you put the SPG in line with an SPG tank.
When you put the image with image tag like this, the browser is expected to not execute any script
from the inside.
So are we saved them?
Not entirely.
If the attacker would be able to upload them as verified on your site and then trigger the user to directly
open that SPG file in the browser or redirect them to that file.
The script within SPG file will then run in the user's browser in the same origin as your site.
So the attacker would be able to steal all site cookies, for example.
In general, I'd recommend to disallow custom as uploads and disallow use of any external avg's.
Even if you plan to use them within image tag only.
Of course, if you use as widgets that you created for layout, keep using them.
These are not dangerous.
At times you actually need to render the email content coming from user.
If you let anyone submit the HTML code or write the content using visual editor, you're entering the
minefield.
There's so many malicious things that an attacker can type in that you really shouldn't even try to
do your own filtering.
Let's be honest.
If you're not an cross-site scripting hacker, you probably have no idea what code can be used to run
a malicious script.
So will not be able to defend against it.
And if you are an excessive hacker, you must be really good to be able to cover all possibilities.
And if so, what you'll be doing here in this course.
So what to do?
The only feasible approach is to use a filtering library for that.
Some well known and actively maintained, of course.
In BHP, the one most often recommended is a steam purifier.
If you take a look at GitHub, it has quite a lot of contributors and gets pretty constant updates.
It's also highly configurable, but at the same time very straightforward to start off.
And what I like very much about it, it has no dependencies.
If you don't use package managers, start with downloading the code package either from GitHub or HTML
Purifier homepage.
In the package you have the library folder, which is the only thing you need to actually run the purifier
on your site, put it somewhere in your site files, then follow the code from documentation.
And that's it.
In the first line, you, of course, need to specify the correct path to the library folder.
Then we run a default configuration, which is the email 1.0 transitional dock type and the UTF eight
character encoding.
A steamer purifier is a complicated library and has lots of configuration options.
If the output is not exactly correct in your case, review the documentation and do the necessary tweaks.
For example, to change the encoding or a doc type, use these codes respectively.
Not that a team of five dog type is not yet available, so your best bet is to use the email.
If your site is written in HTML five.
The installed document is worth reading for other examples of configuration.
And the demo page will help you to properly tweak configuration variables.
It's also worth looking at the excess attacks smoke dust on the library's homepage.
It gives you an idea how an excessive attack may look like.
Use the purifying method in all places where you expect an HTML input.
Your site will be pretty well-protected from malicious code submitted by users.
If you need to do the same on the front end, you can use a JavaScript library of the same purpose,
one of which is Dom Purify.
Looking at the GitHub page, it also has quite a lot of contributors.
And it gets updated even more often.
Now you can install it via Node.js, but it's very easy to do it manually as well if you don't use package
managers.
After downloading the package from GitHub inside the dist folder, find the purified min js file, which
is the only thing you need to run dom purify, put it in your site files and include on the page like
any other script.
Then you simply use the sunny days method of don't purify object.
The process.
It can now be hopefully safe to use in our HTML document, write, etc. but if you're going to use it
with the git query, read the user instructions carefully.
You need to add as safe for the query flag only then you can safely use it in deeper if functions for
example is HTML.
There are other parameters you might want to use and the examples in read me make it pretty clear how
to use them.
For example, to allow only certain tags or attributes or explicitly disallow some of them.
I let you refer to the documentation for more.
Oh, and there's a demo as well where you can see how great job the library's doing.